Fan Shao, have you ever thought about it?
After today's incident
The patriarch will be more vigilant about you
I just scared him all day
Where is less
Well, there's one thing I've always been curious about.
You mother and son
Why did you make such a deep hatred like the sea?
The butcher?
He's been famous since he remarried my dad
His brother never did
I hate it even more
Never had he been my real good man
He has only one purpose
Occupy my Lin's 100 billion family business
You now have a project
He won't even tear his face with you
I am afraid that after our project is implemented
Remove the donkey?
We don't have this chance
Take the proceeds from my acquisition of the land in Dongshan
Go buy these companies
Time prices for buying and selling
It must be compensated in seconds.
There is definitely someone behind you
I'll type it up and see.
Find it at the Nanan meeting
Insist on handing over the project to you
That's definitely a problem
To today, his frequent every move
Tired of his guesses
Just don't know
Who is behind this rebellion?
The mysterious expert behind Lin Fan's hide
I'm afraid there is only one possibility
You mean the place he ascribed to his mother as the head of the family?
Is this the only possibility?
Is a rebel against financing ambitions
Damn it, Lin Fan wants to seize power, that's Sima Zhao's heart
Everyone knows
You have to be on guard.
This little beast is trying to bring me down
Not good enough
But the priority now
Is it to find out who is behind Lin Fan?
Ouch.
Let the eldest sister have a try
less
I think Ning Fan's attitude towards you is very unusual.
Mom, although I am the adopted daughter of the Lin family
But she is also Lin Fan's nominal eldest sister
There is nothing between me and him
Just know that you are an adopted daughter
That's it.
You go talk to Mingfan
Mom
Your family raised you for more than 20 years regardless of return
Can't you handle this little thing now?